[Word] Add online-only reqt. set (#1248)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/requirement-sets/word/word-api-online-requirement-set.md

---
title: Word JavaScript API online-only requirement set
description: Details about the WordApiOnline requirement set.
ms.date: 05/20/2022
ms.prod: word
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Word JavaScript API online-only requirement set

> The `WordApiOnline` requirement set is a special requirement set that includes features that are only available for Word on the web. APIs in this requirement set are considered to be production APIs (not subject to undocumented behavioral or structural changes) for the Word on the web application. `WordApiOnline` APIs are considered to be "preview" APIs for other platforms (Windows, Mac, iPad) and may not be supported by any of those platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WordApiOnline` requirement set is a special requirement set that includes features that are only available for Word on the web. APIs in this requirement set are considered to be production APIs for the Word on the web application. They follow [Microsoft 365 developer support policies](/office/dev/add-ins/publish/maintain-breaking-changes). `WordApiOnline` APIs are considered to be "preview" APIs for other platforms (Windows, Mac, iPad) and may not be supported by any of those platforms.
```
